# Hello-World
Hello Friends
I am a retired senior electronics technician that worked for industry 40 years. 
My education level is a college degree; Associate of Applied Science majoring in electronics, and so many training certifications it would take all day to list them.
My work responcibilities for the last 20 years was as a Design Engineer/technician/mechanic/networking/computer/safety/management.
I had to write PLC programs for machinery, Design VB PC applications for production line labeling systems, Design/build new equiptment, rewire/repair and the list goes on and on. So I guess you could say I multi tasked LOL
I got interested in PC Programing way back in the old Tandy days, programing in basic and machine language on a tandy color computer, it had a bunch of memory lol all of 64K of which only 32k was usable for basic and 32k usuable as machine language/storage. The guys writing applications for it told me there was not enough memory to write a poker game like the old one arm bandits had. But I am a stubborn old cuss and wrote an application that basic done calls using 16k and controlled page switching, the tandy machine if i remember correctly divided the upper memory into 4k pages, this was used to bring basic sub routines(todays language lol) stored in high memory to low memory for basic to use as sub routines(the basic that was in high memory was copied to low memory and the low memory was copied to high memory there buy giving me 48k of basic memory). I wrote all the caculations and card designs in machine language which was not easy, then called it from basic for the Random cards, and positioning which only took about 16k(4 pages) of high memory, the other 16 k was used as a storage for small basic routines. I succeded in making a pretty good program for back in the days when all you had to save an application was a cassette tape lol. Played that game for years until the tandy finally died on me. 
